Update Dropwizard 5.0.0 documentation for dependency upgrades and Java 17 requirement (#10415)
dropwizard/dropwizard: docs/source/manual/upgrade-notes/upgrade-notes-5_0_x.rst

Jackson 2.19.x upgrade
----------------------
Jackson has been upgraded from 2.15.x to 2.19.x. This is a significant upgrade that includes:

* Performance improvements and optimizations
* Enhanced support for Java 17+ features
* Updated databind, core, and annotations modules
* See the `Jackson release notes <https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson/wiki>`_ for detailed changes

Most applications should not require code changes, but custom serializers or deserializers may need review.

JUnit 5.13.x upgrade
--------------------
JUnit has been upgraded from 5.9.x to 5.13.x. Key improvements include:

* Better integration with modern Java versions
* Enhanced parallel test execution
* Improved Jupiter API features
* Updated test engines and extensions

If your tests use JUnit 4 APIs, ensure you've migrated to JUnit 5 or include appropriate compatibility dependencies.

Hibernate 6.6.x upgrade
-----------------------
Hibernate has been upgraded from 6.1.x to 6.6.x. Notable changes include:

* Continued improvements to the type system
* Performance enhancements
* Bug fixes and stability improvements
* Enhanced Jakarta Persistence 3.1 support

> For applications using Dropwizard's Hibernate integration, most changes should be transparent. However, if you use Hibernate APIs directly, review the `Hibernate migration guides <https://github.com/hibernate/hibernate-orm/blob/main/migration-guide.adoc>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For applications using Dropwizard's Hibernate integration, most changes should be transparent. However, if you use Hibernate APIs directly, review the `Hibernate migration guide <https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/orm/6.6/migration-guide/migration-guide.html>`_.
```
